CHRISTY:
Sorry I'’m late!
Got stuck at work.
Just in time.
Pull up a seat.
Hey, sweetie.
Hey, Mom.
This is dinner?
Pizza and French fries?
What is this, a bowling alley?
He is not allowed any carbs
at your ex-husband'’s house,
so we'’re lobbying
for his affection.
Really? No carbs?
Candace makes us eat sandwiches
wrapped in lettuce.
I'’m sorry,
but that'’s not a sandwich.
Aw, poor guy.
Remind me to slip a dozen bagels
in his overnight bag
before he goes back there.
No pumpernickel.
So what else is going on?
How was your week?
Fine.
Mostly stayed in my room
and played Call of Duty.
I thought Candace
didn'’t let you play
violent video games.
She didn'’t notice.
She was too busy
fighting with Dad.
Really?
What about?
Pretty much everything Dad does.
[no voice]
Did you hear anything specific?
No, I put on my headset
and just focused
on killing Nazi zombies.
And a grateful nation
thanks you.
Roscoe, if your dad
and Candace fighting
is stressing you out,
I need to know.
I'’m okay.
When I need to relax,
I just jump into the Jacuzzi.
It really takes you away.
♪
CHRISTY: Love you, sweetie.
Sweet dreams.
ROSCOE:
Love you, too, Mom.
If I make him pancakes
for breakfast,
he'’ll be mine forever.
Did you get any more dirt
on the unhappy couple?
Only that Baxter spends a lot
of nights in the guest room.
Only? That'’s huge.
I know.
I'’m trying to feel bad about it,
but my face keeps doing this.
Might be time to reconsider
Baxter having shared custody.
Yeah.
If my son'’s gonna be
in a toxic environment,
he might as well live with us.
We may be crazy,
but we can eat toast.
Not tomorrow.
We'’re having pancakes.
I don'’t want to oversell it,
but Car and Driver
called this baby
the Korean Maserati.
Baxter?
Hang on.
Feel free to sit inside.
There'’s 11 cup holders.
See if you can find them all.
Hey, this is a nice surprise.
Lookin'’ for an economy car
that J.D. Power calls
"surprisingly acceptable"?
No, actually, I need to talk
to you about our son.
He okay?
Yeah, fine.
We just need to talk.
Um, okay, my manager'’s watching.
Do you mind if I pretend
you'’re a customer?
If you don'’t mind me pretending
I have enough money
to buy a car, sure.
Step right in, ma'’am.
Good news, you can drive
this beauty off the lot,
no money down,
no payments for a year.
How do we do it?
We'’re crazy, is how!
So, what'’s up?
Well, last night
Roscoe mentioned
that there'’s a lot of tension
in your house.
Ah, damn.
He'’s feeling it, Baxter,
and I'’m a little
worried about him.
I'’m sorry.
I bought him
noise-canceling headphones,
but they don'’t cancel Candace.
Would it be better if he stayed
with me until things calm down?
Probably.
Not that it'’s any
of my business,
but what'’s going on?
I don'’t know.
The closer we get to
the wedding, the more we fight.
It'’s over everything:
the band, the guest list...
you'’re not invited, by the way.
You suggested
inviting your ex-wife?
Yeah, and she threw
a SlimFast at me,
which, even though it'’s only
190 calories, still hurts.
Don'’t tell me, she'’s dieting
to fit into the wedding dress?
Yeah, that'’s not gonna happen.
Unless, you know,
she gets trapped
in a mine for a month.
Baxter, all brides
are stressed out.
You weren'’t.I was trippin'’ on mushrooms.
I thought I was marrying
the Cowardly Lion.
You kind of were.
[chuckles]
Man, I didn'’t know
how good I had it
when I was married to you.
That'’s really sweet, thanks.
And if you ever want
to get out of this wedding,
just say that to Candace.
We did have some good times,
you and me.
Yeah, we really did.
So, are you gonna be all right?
I guess.
I hope you know
I want you to be happy.
It'’s too late to be happy.
The wedding invitations
have already gone out.
[sobbing loudly]
He just can'’t believe
the savings!
Oh, and get this,
Candace made him wax
all the hair off his body
because he sheds
on her expensive sheets.
All the hair?
He must look like
a 200-pound baby.
[laughter]
It just ticks me off,
because she doesn'’t
accept him the way he is.
Isn'’t that our job as women?
To reject a man as he is
and call it love?
[giggles]
Yeah, well, I just
don'’t like seeing him
get pushed around.
Hold on, is this
the same Baxter
I'’ve heard you bitch about
at every single meeting?
Hey, the only person
I bitch about
at every single meeting is her.
You are obsessed with me.
And he'’s not the same Baxter,
he has changed.
Is it just me, or does she have
a lady-stiffy for her ex?
"Lady-stiffy"?
[whispering]
Oh.
Ugh.
But yes, I agree.
Wendy, what do you think?
Schwing!
You'’re all crazy.
I spent years with that guy,
watching him get high
and fail at selling pot
because he was too paranoid
to answer the door.
Yeah, but he'’s
all cleaned up now.
He'’s got a good job,
bright future,
and without hair, probably moves
pretty quick through the water.
[laughter]Christy, all kidding aside,
do you still have
feelings for this man?
Yeah, do you?
Oh, my God!
You have to think about it?
No, I don'’t!
Then what was the pause?
That was a normal,
pre-sentence pause.
Um...
no, it wasn'’t.
[women giggling]
That'’s not fair!
Your pause was way longer
than my pause.
You still haven'’t
answered the question.
I have no feelings for him!
Okay, you answered
that weirdly fast.
You did.
Too fast.
Schwing!
Oh, your skin
is so smooth,
it'’s like having sex
with a dolphin.
[timer dings]
WENDY:
Did you guys
not hear the timer?
Told you!
Yeah, she still has
feelings for him.
Hey. Not a single hair.
[women laughing]
Whoa!
Want to talk about it?
[knocking at door]
Hey.
Oh, hey, you'’re early.
Sorry. Roscoe ready?
No, he'’s on a bike ride
with my mom.
Oh.
Uh... okay if I hang out?
Sure.
You want a cup of coffee?
Thanks.
So caffeine'’s, like, the only
drug you have left, right?
No, I had a cold
on New Year'’s Eve,
and got to huff
a little VapoRub.
Nice.
Man, you and me had
some crazy New Year'’s Eves.
And New Year'’s Days,
checking all the hospitals
and jails trying
to find each other.
You were always in
the last place I looked.
So, what'’s going on
with the honeymoon?
You make any plans?
Two weeks in Italy.
Ooh, that'’ll be fun
with no carbs.
That'’s the least of it.
Candace doesn'’t want us speaking
English while we'’re there
so we don'’t come off like
stupid American tourists.
But you don'’t speak Italian.
[Italian accent]:
And there'’s the problemo.
Thanks.
So, uh, what'’s going
on in your life?
Seeing anybody?
No, not really.
There'’s a guy in
my pre-law class
who always saves a seat for me,
so I guess
we'’ll see where that goes.
Ah.
He'’s 19,
so it might be
more of a mom thing.
A hot mom thing.
[laughing]
Oh, stop.
BONNIE: We'’re back!
In the kitchen!
Hey, Dad!Hey, buddy!
Well, well!
Look who'’s here!
Good to see you, Baxter.
Good to see you, too.
How'’s it going?
Not bad. You?
Good, good.
Been here long?A few minutes.
That checks out.
Would you like a cup without
Sherlock Holmes'’s finger in it?
Nah, we gotta get going.
Our movie'’s at 2:00.
Mom, why don'’t you
come with us?
Oh, uh, no, this is...
time you spend with your dad.
I don'’t mind.
Come on, Christy.
It'’ll be fun.
Sure.
I don'’t see why not.
I do.
Shh!
I'’m just gonna need a minute.
Meet you at the car?
Great.
Let'’s go, buddy.
This is cool.
I'’ve never gone to the movies
with both of you.
What are you doing?Nothing.
Don'’t make
a big deal about this.
She said, as she applies
slightly whorish lipstick.
This is your lipstick.
And I'’m not going
because of Baxter.
I'’m going to spend time
with my son.
Whew.
The lies fell
from Christy'’s lips
like cherry blossoms
in the springtime.
Stop narrating my life.
And with those words...
she was gone.
♪♪
Oh, man, I miss sugar!
Yeah.
Me, too.
Candace thinks
fruit is dessert.
Sometimes cheese.
Well, every once in a while
is not gonna hurt you.
Just don'’t tell Candace
about this.
I know.
Think I'’m looking for trouble?
And probably don'’t mention
that I'’m here.
I'’m smarter than I look, Mom.
How'’s the happy family
doing here?
Um...
Oh, um, actually,
we'’re... not...
I mean, we were...
but now we'’re not, uh...
But we are happy.
In our individual homes.
Good for you.
I gotta take a squirt.
A squirt?
Where'’d he get that?
From me.
I don'’t want him
getting beat up at school
'’cause he'’s gotta go "tinkle."
That'’s smart.
Thanks again for letting me
tag along today.
This has been really fun.
Yeah, it has.
Do you ever wonder what
it would be like
if we, uh, met now,
instead of back then?
You mean with me sober,
and you with your life together?
Yeah.
Maybe it'’s crossed my mind
once or twice.
Me, too.
Too bad we messed it up.
A friend of mine
once told me that
sometimes you got to
mess it up the first time
to get it right
the second time.
He was talking about cutting
cocaine with baby laxative
but it kind of applies
to relationships, too.
Baxter... do you think maybe
we'’re having this conversation
because you'’re getting
cold feet about the wedding?
Maybe. Or... maybe we'’re
having this conversation
because we'’re supposed to be
having this conversation.
So what'’s next
on the agenda?
♪♪
Hi. Christy.
I'’m an alcoholic.
GROUP:
Hi, Christy.
So, the last time I shared,
I may have been in a teensy
bit of denial about my ex.
GROUP:
Oh...
Nothing happened.
We just went out
to the movies
and for some ice cream.
GROUP:
Ooh...!
With our son.
GROUP:
Aw!
I'’m just gonna pretend
I don'’t hear you.
Anyway, I'’ve got a dilemma.
Especially if Baxter ends up
breaking off his engagement.
Which I think he might do.
Ooh!Oh, grow up!
But the truth is...
I think I have
feelings for the man.
I mean, he'’s nothing
like he used to be.
He'’s kind of a Baxter 2.0 now.
Whatever awful things I might
want to say about his fiancée,
she... did nag a lot of
the bugs right out of him.
Of course...
I'’ve also changed a lot.
So... maybe two,
new improved people
could make it work this time.
Okay.
Thanks for your support.
No, you grow up!
♪
[sighs deeply]
Well? You'’re not
gonna say anything?
I will,
I'’m just trying to choose
my words carefully, you idiot.
Why am I an idiot?
You said it yourself.
Candace is the reason
you like Baxter now.
No! That is not what I said.
It'’s exactly what you said.
When he was with you,
he was a mess.
She cleaned him up.
What do you think'’s
gonna happen,
if you get back together?
Um...
we'’ll live happily ever after?
Ha! I give it a week
before he'’s unemployed,
smoking pot,
and you'’re all living in
a van full of back hair.
You'’re wrong!
You weren'’t there when
we took Roscoe out for the day,
and we were
a family again.
Oh, and that'’s another thing.
What about Roscoe?
If you try and get back together
with Baxter and it blows up,
what happens to him?
Man, if this isn'’t
an advertisement
for taking the bus,
I don'’t know what is.
♪
[knocking on door]
[Christy sighs]
Who the hell is that?
Marry me. Again.
What?
You know we'’re both feeling it.
Let'’s just do it.
Oh, my God.
Wait a minute...
What are you doing?
How much weed
did you smoke?
I didn'’t smoke anything.
Baxter...
A little bit.
Baxter...!A normal weeknight amount.
Baxter...Why do you keep
saying my name?
It'’s freaking me out!
Come inside and keep it down.
Rosoe'’s sleeping.Right, right, right.
So, what do you say?
[sighs deeply]
I say my mom is right.
I'’m an idiot.
Why? What'’d you do?
I thought you changed.
I did!
But with you, I can change back.
I can be my old self.
Yeah, but you see,
there'’s the problem.
Your old self
kind of sucks.
Well, that'’s hurtful.
[sighs deeply]
Please tell me
you didn'’t break
up with Candace.
Oh, no. I wanted to see
how it sent with you first.
Oh, my God,
you'’re such a jerk.
Listen to me: you need to
go home and sleep it off.
But what about our love?
Our love is asleep
in the other room.
Now get out of here.
Okay.
But just so we'’re clear,
once I walk out this door,
that'’s it-- I'’m gonna
marry, uh... uh...
Candace.Candace.
And then there'’s
no going back.
You and I are done.
Oh, sweetie, that'’s not
the threat you think it is.
Okay. Understood.
You don'’t have
to tell me twice.
Oh, come on! Guys like me
don'’t come along every day!
Good night.
Look, I-- Ow!
And because she listened
to the words of wisdom
from her saintly,
but still do-able mother...
...Christy made
the right decision.
The end.
[muffled; weakly]:
Last chance.
♪
LANGUAGE INSTRUCTOR:
"Where is the train station?"
Dov'’è la stazione?
INSTRUCTOR:
"I'’ll have the fish."
Vorrei il pesce per favore.
I don'’t need this one.
[laughing]:
I'’m not gonna order fish.
INSTRUCTOR:
"What time is the opera?"
A che ora commincia l'’opera?
Oh, come on, Italian Guy,
how do I ask for weed?